Prize Bounty
A winning hackathon submission may be awarded up to a $6,000 prize for this issue. The prize will be paid in USDC.

Bounties will be paid out at the discretion of the judges exclusively and we reserve the right to not give a bounty payment if we believe the submissions do not meet the criteria or are otherwise unfit for development.

Challenge Description
To improve UX of MemeFactory, user addresses throughout the app should reverse-resolve into ENS names, if any assigned.

First, let's look at all places in UI where addresses should be replaced with ENS names:

1. Address of a connected wallet. Code reference here.


2. Seller address, when flipping meme card that's on sale. Code reference here.


3. Creator address at Meme Detail page. Code reference here.


4. Creator and Challenger addresses at Vote/Challenge pages. Code reference here.


5. Creator address on flipped card at Dankest Memes page. Code reference here.


6. Addresses at Creator, Collectors, Curators pages. Code references here, here and here.


7. MemeFolio Page. It should say "[ENS Name] Memefolio". Code reference here.


8. Buyer address at Memefolio page Sold tab. Code reference here.


I suggest implementation as follows: On each of these places replace address with new reagent component (e.g ens-resolved-address). This component will use lifecycle method :component-did-mount, from which it'll dispatch re-frame event to request ENS name from ReverseRegistrar for given address. Once resolved name arrives, it's stored in re-frame db and through the subscriptions it's supplied to the components. UI should always display address as a fallback, either during ENS name request processing or if ENS name is not available.

Submission Requirements
Submissions are required to make Pull Request into Memefactory repository. Pull Request should include brief description about what has been done plus screenshots of relevant Memefactory UI.

Judging Criteria
district0x team members will pick 1 winning implementation, that satisfies our requirements the most. Aspects considered during the judgement are: functionality, UI styling and code quality.

Winner Announcement Date
The district0x team will decide on a winning implementation within 7 days of the close of the hackathon. Winners will be announced by 11:59PM PST on Wednesday, July 14th.

Resources
To reach our assistance please join our discord at https://discord.gg/FqWuPSEY

For more information on the district0x project, start with https://onboarding.district0x.io/